There have been several updates on the
Daniel Sancho case, quite curious,
quite curious. This first news story
that has been discussed since yesterday, and
we didn't skip it because my tooth was hurting
and I left and so on, but this
first news story, uh, we already gave it
exclusively. Well, exclusively, no
exclusively, no,
uh, exclusively, it was given by Ángela Portero on
Así es la
vida. Raquel says, if I were to tell you some
gossip, you have enough for more than a month, Raquel,
tell me, tell me please, we're
short on topics today. Well, let's see the topic
that Ángela Portero told about on Así es la vida.
And well, Ángela Portero was here, I do
n't know if it was last Wednesday, I don't
remember what day it was, the day that
Ángela Portero came, I think it was last Wednesday.
Basically,
what Rodolfo's lawyer told her and
Daniel García Montes was that this
week they were traveling to
Thailand again, it's not known exactly
why. But what García
Montes did tell him, Ángela
Portero. What does Raquel say? Javi says,
seriously, but it would have to be corroborated
separately.  I have the audios Oh okay, well
send it to me Raquel Sure, you send it to me, we'll
corroborate it, we'll see how we tell it
you send it to me
okay
and I don't know what they have to say I
don't know what they have to comment on
but they have it very difficult today it has been
pronounced precisely
and coinciding with their arrival in
Thailand
the
prosecutor's office has precisely pronounced and the Thai prosecutor's office
accuses Daniel Sancho of three crimes if
I'm not
mistaken, premeditated murder,
dismemberment and there was something else
but we'll see it now in the
next extract okay, as for Rodolfo,
well I imagine he will have gone for
two things first of all to continue uh
moving papers
uh collecting evidence and collecting
documentation that is in the in the in the
authorities not in the
public administrations of Thailand and on the other hand
to look for a lawyer to handle the case,
a Thai lawyer remember that he
still does not have a defense in
Thailand I do
not understand what Rodolfo Sancho is doing Well, what he
did, totally clear
exactly samor I mean the prosecutor's office is
accusing Daniel Sancho of what's up
Raquel I don't know what you're
talking about sweetheart Send it to me on WhatsApp
send it to the visa's WhatsApp
for example and I'll see it there
later anyway Daniel has it very very very
complicated then on the other hand there's a
mystery that everyone is wondering and that
is Where is Silvia bronchalo or rather
Silvia bronchalo Supposedly supposedly she's
in Thailand
but she's not She gives any signs of life, meaning she's
not seen going every day to
see her son remind you that the last few
times She was always seen like with a
backpack no and she was carrying clothes money eh it was
said that she was carrying I don't know what
book Okay so Silvia bronchalo of
whom there is no record that she has left
Thailand at the
moment we're talking about almost three
months now
we're talking About next week it will be
three months well she hasn't been seen or
rather it's not known if there's some kind of
way for her to be making the visits
more discreetly so that the
press doesn't hound her
eh We don't know what she's
doing okay but it's super strange that
Silvio Aron char is in
Thailand and yet
[Music]
no however you can't see her hair everything is
very strange let's see
eh I understood that when Rodolfo was
there Well since there is no good relationship
with Rodolfo so he dodged him okay No no no he didn't do it because he
agreed with him he did to
avoid him eh apparently there are also
certain differences in how they want to
handle the case each one Silvia wants to handle it
one way Rodolfo apparently
another to me Rodolfo's ways I don't
know if he is right eh I mean Rodolfo eh
is putting more priority on a
team how would you describe it or I mean how would you
describe the team that Rodolfo has
made in Spain legal team legal
media because of course he has this Carmen
balfagón who is already walking around
even on YouTube channels now we
will take a look at what
Axel said because she stopped by
Axel's channel and well now we will take a look
I will see what he
said on all the
gossip programs it is a bit of a circus for something
so serious the truth is  a bit of a circus and
the father has taken charge and
has focused more on that in the little group that has been
formed in Spain of lawyers who
go on TV and who go to YouTube who do not
have a lawyer in Thailand, it means they
have no defense in
Thailand. Well, Silvia, I think he
leans more towards a
defense in which he
wants to defend the
innocence of the son,
okay, you can maintain that
position, I mean, you guys will tell me What
madness, there is evidence, I don't know what, you
can maintain that position of not
admitting to the crime
and it is the authorities who have to
prove your guilt, and then
you guys will say. Well, but there is
this and that, good look, yeah, but that, the
judge will decide. If that, mm, is conclusive
for a
conviction, you can no longer enter the
WhatsApp group, yes, of course you can,
antigona, in fact, you should
do it, in fact, you should do it. I am not
putting the link here because it does
not open on WhatsApp.